really the ruling of the
provincial court of Madrid is practically
definitive if we want to approach
this case having this ruling is having
everything this is and consequently it
occurs to provisionally dismiss the
case when there is a
provisional dismissal as you can see here at the end I have
put it with a little square there is no
ordinary appeal Unlike
if the dismissal is free there is no
ordinary appeal What happens And
that is what Ivan Hernandez tried to explain
is that Rocío Carrasco the defense
team Better said Rocío Carrasco's defense team
considers that despite being a
provisional dismissal she has
practically no room for maneuver to be
able to reopen the case with which the
defense team Rocío Carrasco's lawyers
consider hence the confusion
that despite being a
provisional dismissal it has a format it is hidden
Or it would be closer to what would be an
envelope free movement because it understands
that with what is said in this ruling of the
provincial court there is
practically a
0.001 chance of reopening the case
this is something that I repeat a lot and I am
going to repeat it again here and it is
something that people have to have  very
very clear This is not a case of
gender violence let's start from
that base the afternoon what we are
going to comment on is not a case of
gender violence as they want to make it
seem This is what I have said on
many occasions Antonio David should
consider doing a well
structured report that everyone can see We
try to sell it to a production company a
media that wants to publish it and if not
we do it here on YouTube
Facebook and we put it everywhere I'm
sure we will get a lot of
diffusion but of course all these little
brushstrokes are not that he is giving because he
gives one brushstroke in a live broadcast another
brushstroke in a live broadcast it is not concise
and it is not concentrated in a video as
Rosito did well there are many things that he
could have been answering at the
time but of course watch the entire live broadcast
because all the
information in that live broadcast is priceless I am going to
comment on some clips but you go to the
Antonio Viveros Channel the
entire live broadcast the center of the matter is not
politics either politics has gotten involved But
because the politics that we have in
our country is a very filthy politics a shitty
politics I don't know if it
was like that in the rest of the countries but  here is a
corrupt policy of profiteers who
deceive us who spend our money
on prostitutes and cocaine politics
has gotten involved but because politics
really those who carry it out are quite
boomers for the most part and they believe that
since the program had a lot of Boom a lot of
audience then to get votes they
have to position themselves on that side
also that way they sell their little speech not the
feminist speech and it is not worth it or rather it
is not politics as such politics is
taking advantage as if they feed
each other and politics what it has done
here is buddy or not the contacts that
the people of Telecinco and the people
of the factory have with the Ministry of
Equality and with the PSOE No well I
profit from you I use you you use me it
is an exchange of favors okay the crux
of the matter Although politics the
politicians that we have right now
governing us do not they do not give a
[ __ ] about any type of victim nor
victims of racism nor victims of the
Holocaust nor victims of
gender violence nor victims of anything it seems to me
to ask for his immediate resignation but I
say it clearly eh resignation  but as
soon as the president of the government
starts calling Arrocito, the call
from the president of the government,
Pedro Sánchez called you Rocío,
the people who govern us and the
political parties that are currently
in power do not give a [ __ ] about the
citizen, they do not give a [ __ ] about anything,
what matters to them is deceiving them and
selling them the motorcycle to have the votes
to get to power, if they gave
a [ __ ] about the victims, the first thing
President Pedro Sánchez would have done
instead of calling
Rosito, how embarrassing that the
president starts calling Rosito, what he
should have done is send some
machines to Mr. Antonio de Castillo, who has been here
all day because he has
indications that Marta del
Castillo could be here, I have asked for diffusion on
Twitter in case someone has a machine
or can agree to send a machine or
something because they need a machine over
there to dig the ground to
get to 2009 and both in the castle
here that the indications are strong if
they cared in the least about the victims
who are going to call Arrocito, they would have
called Task Betancourt. Hey, she is
an abused woman with  evidence with a
conviction with everything very clear and that the
convicted person does not go to jail because he does
not show up to enter, he is out
there in the woods hiding, he goes from
time to time to have a beer,
those who govern us do not give a
damn, it is only a piece of paper to win
votes and right now it's like the fuchsias
These are fools So they deceive them
as they want It turns out that I have been
explaining to you for these two years
that the process cannot be reopened but I
have explained it, I have explained it here
Jesús Manuel Ruiz when he came,
Giovanna Carril explained it when I brought her,
a lot of people explained it and we
have explained it with clay and they do not
understand that the case cannot be
reopened to begin with so that something
can be reopened It should have been
open on some occasion but
now it turns out Well, we have already
explained it many times, no, Rosito
sells it as if making the documentary will surely
get it reopened, the law does not
work like that, justice does not work like that,
let's see, you have a procedural law
that has to be complied with  and some
deadlines and some steps that have to be
followed, I don't give a [ __ ]
[ __ ] that you make a
gossip show and that you edit it very well and that I know
that I inform them and that I know that the
information so that they don't believe you, I don't
give a [ __ ] about that, that is not going to
be for the judges to open the case, what
matters to the judges to open the
cases is the evidence and in this
documentary what has been done is not to
provide new evidence in this
documentary what has been done is to
tell it from Rosito's imagination
and from the story that
Rosito wants to slip in because she herself lies, that is,
according to what Anthony's lawyer said yesterday,
which we are now going to see because it
is in vanity, is that she lies
consciously to create the mantra like,
well, it's there in the air, well, at
any moment it can be opened. No,
Carrasquistas, really, you give me
even a penilla, it can't be reopened, that is
something that is more than plated but the thing is
that she knows it and she goes around selling
a story to sow an issue and
so that people are left with doubt. Hey  he will be
abusive But the law needs to be
fixed I don't know what no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no it's not how
she sells it she don't understand how
many liars that I know
liars like this I've seen a
lot of cases here already and they're always the
same pattern okay you know what's the
deal the center that I'm
telling you it's not a case of
gender violence or politics here The case is a
media fight that they two have it
's nothing further than that what happens is that
the obsession that she has can and does
overcome her and to take down
Antonio David because of the resentment she has against him
and the text that she has against him she takes down whoever it
is Even if she has to
take herself Let's see I'm going
to make it very clear Also I have a
video on the main channel where you can
see it chronologically okay she starts
when she separates from him the
media battle against Antonio David But
so here what we have is that it was
her who starts as I expected
if I'm wrong and I'm missing something
any Carrasquista channel that  there is or
anyone can contact
me upload right now here
live whatever is worth to refute
this that I don't care that I neither win nor
lose with this These are things of Rocío
and Antonio David that I don't care
but according to these data here that has
cost us an hour and a half of order according to
these data it is she who begins to
try to make it look bad in the media but
in the end Antonio David defends himself and the one who
looks bad It is she who starts it she is that is why
later she loses all the lawsuits for the
right to honor and so on
she starts it what happens is that she starts it with the
thought that he is not going to be able to
defend himself which is the same thing that
she has done now what she does now with the
television factory is to grab a story
that does not exist about gender violence
so that Antonio David does not have a voice in
the media and cannot be
defending himself Why Because she has already
experienced in her flesh that when Antonio
David defends himself the one who is made to look
ridiculous and bad is her that is why what she has
done has been to annul her voice so that she
can say all these lies without
the other responding Why Because when
the other responds then people are  with
the other she starts giving it to him but
from the first moment in fact there are two
or three magazines that she does without him
responding yet she is the one who starts to
be exclusive magazines and programs
putting him green Until his
nose swells and goes to the Raffle
and after the Raffle as everyone
is with him then they start to call them
from the television set but the one who
starts it you have to be clear okay
this is a media battle between the
two of them it is a little fight between the two of them because they
both want to make each other look bad and the one who
starts it is her what happens is that
since she does not have the truth on her side she does not
have the affection of the people she has no
charisma and besides she is not a good person to me she does
not seem like a good person so she loses the
media battle she comes across as a bad mother she
comes across as a liar she comes across as spiteful she comes across
as a sabia like this
Fidel does not like either And since they do not like each other
then she is super angry and has a
resentment that she can't And then the
last thing that occurred to her was the subject of
gender violence  but it didn't work
because justice doesn't work like that, it
's like this guy who reported me, I
published the trial of this guy
who sued me with the truth always in front of him,
look, the judges are not stupid
but this is not about that, oh,
justice is sexist Oh there is no
evidence, it cannot be proven no no no no
this what abuse does not exist she is
holding on to create the story to the
ignorance that people have about
trials about laws, ordinary people and I do
n't say this with contempt or anything like that
but in fact I have been
learning a little bit, the little that I know
are things that usually happen in the
media, not based on being here, not
dedicating myself to this but ordinary people do
not even know the difference
between a criminal process and a civil one,
people believe it, for example, and
I have seen this a lot, manipulating people,
kids, it has happened many times, there are
times when there is someone who has reported it
because they have been told strong insults,
criminal and criminal it is very
difficult to win because maybe it
proceeds more through civil law and people
believe that  How she loses that complaint is that
the insults were not reportable, very
complicated, very complicated, basically she takes
advantage of
people's ignorance of the law and what she does
is create a story as if leaving it to be
seen that, well, they will open it because
the documentary is so beautiful and so good
that the judges will soften, they will
realize that Antonio, an old
abuser, is not yet an
abuser, which you can then criticize,
that it seems to you that he has been very intense,
that he has taken advantage of the
situation because of the dishes he has been living his whole
life talking about his
private life with whatever you want and about the
children whatever you want, but that is not
abuse, that is a media battle of
public interest because they are people, it is
very media-oriented, she is the first to
start selling everything, she is the one who
is using gender violence
as a weapon to annihilate him, this is
going wrong for her, eh, I mean, this has been
serving her for a couple of years because she
has silenced him. But you see,
he responds now with the live broadcast of the
night in which the lawyer appears
explaining to us that the case is not
provisionally dismissed, it is a
free dismissal, that there is no room for
appeal, and the aunt has been with all her
grapefruit for three years saying, we are
studying to reopen it, we are studying
the reopening,
okay, it is being studied, what are you going to
study to reopen it? If there is nothing new,
something new has to happen so that it
could be reported, what she has already
exhausted and has already scratched that no, no,
but it is that it cannot be reopened. In other words,
right now, even if she wanted to,
hey, lawyer, she presents an appeal, she cannot, there is no
room for appeal, it is a lie and the
aunt has been with her saint for three years Put a
lasso on me because if it were
provisionally dismissed, it could not be opened. We
have already explained it for a long time these three years that it
cannot be opened, that there has to be
new evidence, that you
go to the hospital and say that you are
trying to take a life is not worth
putting Antonio in jail because just because
you say that you are trying to take a
life, because you say so And because you
say that it is Antonio David's fault
when Antonio David is not doing
anything to you. Oh, because she went to Big Brother and her
daughter is going to defend her  but girl
But what are you talking about then I'm
going to the doctor right now tomorrow and I'm like Hey
look, I tried to take my own life, it's Alan's
fault. Speaking clearly, okay,
put him in jail please, it's
his fault, what's been done. Speaking
clearly, he uploaded a video that
honestly causes me immense pain
because he's collaborating with Aladney, it's that
Alan, I'm taking her here, she doesn't have
any, it's all about creating a story to be
the documentary, don't fall for that, it's like
believing in the Three Wise Men, okay? Don't fall for that.
Really, Antonio David Flores
announces legal action through
civil channels and comments that part of the content
of the burofax was published in El
Confidencial, putting only
Antonio David, his lawyer, and sent to
Spanish television. It was leaked, so
Antonio says that there
are also deep throats on Spanish television. I want to
say about that burofax that was
published in an article in El
Confidencial that I didn't make it public on the
8th in the morning precisely because I
knew it was going to be public, having I
want you to have Clara, one thing, that
burofax was in my lawyer's possession and from
there it was sent to Spanish television. I
repeat it  On Spanish television there
are also deep throats I think that it has already
been demonstrated more than clear
on Spanish television and ties and not
blood friendships and buddies progress of
the friends of the TV factory
Rocío Carrasco and others and they are going to give the
same it will be a headlong rush I
tell them what I sent you And they are going to be a
burofado whatever happens okay
obviously after what came out on
Spanish television in the
days of TV program last night March 8th I am going to
take legal action through
civil channels I am not going to allow myself to be
defamed any longer I am not going to consent to it I am not going to go
back
to the public that I have gone through for two
years it is all for the face man let's see La
Movida is that Rocío Carrasco gives me
the impression that when she starts
dating Fidel she prioritizes her new
illusion her new relationship entering and
leaving motherhood what is happening well as there is
a
media battle of Rocío Carrasco Antonio
David Rocío Carrasco It's that I think that
many people do not remember do you think that  She has been
silent for 20 years, you have to have little
shame to say that you have been
silent for 20 years, she has given exclusives, even
every time Antonio David won a lawsuit, you would send it
to the press
when you worked on
María Teresa Campos' program, you gave the
resolutions of the issue of the children and everything
else, all the lawsuits when he
won them as well and on Sálvame still at
that time because Rocío Carrasco calls it
abuse when Antonio was
telling things about her on TV but
in my case
what more did I have to contribute to
justice but nevertheless I have been
saying it for two years, I will say it again what
Antonio David has said during all
these years on television about Rocío
Carrasco, she is absolutely in
diapers with what they have said about her and
Fidel in the television factory, on
Sálvame I could compile clips and
clips and one day when I am not lazy I will
do it of Sálvame saying barbarities
that is why I had them, he now has them by
the balls with the lawsuits,
even Lidia Lozano said that Fidel
had threatened her  by removing the brakes
from the car a tremendous barbarity
then you are calling abuse
that Antonio David has spoken about his
private life answering you what they have done
the rescue I know what
Rocio's name is Well throwing Sálvame in full boom
of speaking badly against Rocio called from
time to time to Sálvame in the time
where Rocio Carrasco still got along
badly with Sálvame and Sálvame was crushing her
Rocio called to clarify issues of the
matter of the case of Antonio David of
gender violence as to call him
telling him because Antonio David
told them no no he has acquitted you and Rosito
called and said no no no no but that
still there is still an opportunity
eh that it can still be opened that it is
still pending it
appears in the documentary in which we have all
seen while they are
telling you that she is breaking her
silence after 20 years of silence that she has
not been able to speak is
going well girl they call Antonio David
on the phone to ask him about the
appeal to the Supreme Court that Rocio Carrasco has filed
and Antonio David begins to say that
the  The Supreme Court has dismissed it
since they have told her that she is not a woman and
pay attention to the clarification that Kiko Hernandez makes,
Rocio Carrasco is like that and
Rocio Carrasco has just said that what we have seen in
the video is
absolutely false, it is a
lie, that there is no resolution from the
Supreme Court, that everything follows its course, in other words, I am
surprised by the nerve that
these people have lying because they are
presenting the documentary as if
she has been silent for 20 years and they have
started to edit this video because these
two parts of the video were not together
in Sálvame, I am not going to allow a
voice to be given to a person who does not have a
sentence for gender violence and who
publicly says again and again that she has
been mistreated by me, I am not going to
allow it again, and even less so on
public television that all
Spaniards pay for, the burofax that they are
talking about, not the burofax that they send to
Spanish television, is leaked in the
confidential section, the content of the burofax is
the next one that we are going to hear, eh, pay
attention because it has something to offer, it says
the attention of the  President of the Board of
Directors of Spanish Radio and Television
Elena Sánchez Caballero
Dear Madam, I am repeating this on
behalf of our client David
Flores regarding the announcement that has been
published on Spanish Radio and Television
regarding the program Días
de Tele that will air tomorrow,
March 8, 2023 at 1 p.m. on the
television channel La 1 and in which
the participation of
Ms. Rocío Carrascohedano is scheduled. As you
know, Ms. Rocío Carrasco Moidano
made a documentary broadcast on the
television network Telecinco in which she
falsely accused my client of
acts constituting a crime of
gender violence. For these purposes, we
must inform you that my client was
reported by Ms. Rocío in December
2016 for the crimes of
psychological injuries and breach of
custody duties and the inducement of
minors and abduction of minors. I am going to
repeat the crime according to agreement in
2016. My client was reported by Rocío
Carrasco and won for the crimes of
psychological injuries and
breach of custody duties.
custody and the inducement of minors and
abduction of minors complaint that gave
rise to the incubation of a
procedure that was instructed before the
court of violence against women
number one of Alcobendas that issued an order
of March 12, 2018 of
dismissal regarding the crimes
of breach of the duties of
custody and inducement of minors and an
order of March 12, 2018 of
transformation for a crime for an
alleged crime of psychological injuries
the order of dismissal was confirmed
by Order of the Provincial Court of
Madrid dated November 16,
2018 and the order of transformation was
revoked by order of the
Provincial Court of Madrid dated
November 16, 2018, dismissing the case
dismissing the case against this last
order the representation of Mrs. Rocío
filed an appeal whose
inadmissibility was confirmed by a resolution
of the Supreme Court dated
March 19, 2019 as you will understand
said resolutions cannot be
sent to you although they have them at your
disposal  in our office If you
wish to verify the above, we
inform you of the above in order to
prohibit and adopt all
measures within your power to ensure
that in said television program
Díaz de tele no
insinuation or false imputation of a crime is made
to my client, otherwise and in the
event that any type of
insinuation or false imputation occurs and
you are aware of the
judicial resolutions issued in this
regard, we will hold you personally responsible
for any illegal acts committed in this
regard. Sincerely, Iván Hernández and
Raburo, Rocío Carrasco's own legacy team
was so clear that it was very
difficult to open the case that they took
this order as if it were a
free or definitive dismissal, hence
they tried to appeal by filing this
appeal for cassation here what we
would have to ask
Rocío Carrasco's legal team is knowing that
the case is
provisionally dismissed Why do you go to the
Supreme Court with this appeal for
cassation when you know that an
appeal cannot be filed unless the
cause is dismissed  be free
or definitive which is not the case meaning it
cannot be
reopened here it would be okay
Paola publishes it Look at this when Rocío Carrasco
files an appeal against the
provisional dismissal order the
provincial court treats it as a
free dismissal because the judges
declare that the proceedings cannot be reopened
and that there is no appeal
in this way
the reopening is inadmissible okay look here you
can read it no Rosito Really no do
n't tell us about your story no no This is
not about who we
like better or worse here it is about the
law against this resolution there is no
ordinary appeal to anyone Rocío and you are
lying to people selling them that you
are thinking of reopening it to leave
in the air how good that
the possibility is still over says Paula Calvo Rocío
Carrasco is a fraud and van Hernández
Explains how she has made fun of all
those who mistakenly believed in her
when she says that she will reopen the case she lied
and when you are lying you do it on
purpose It is one thing that you are
wrong and you  you believe one or you believe the
other But when you are lying
about this you are lying on purpose since
people do not believe you with the truth you have to
resort to lies and not only
lies but lies
using a conspiracy And using a
horrible strategy with the help of the
television factory and with the help of the
government of this country so that this
man cannot answer why because
every time they answer El Chiringuito falls on you
because he does not want me to teach
for example what we just saw no
that it cannot be appealed the
dismissal is free therefore there is no
reopening let's listen
to Ivan
that there is a person who has been
studying the reopening of a case for almost three years,
the bordering on the fraud that has been committed And
if you let me tell you one thing about the
process then I will tell it so that the
burden of shame falls off everyone What is
missing You don't care right David No, I already
know what you are going to tell tell it they
maintained that appeal that
that order that is called a
free dismissal of
provisional dismissal in reality was a
free dismissal because there was no
way to open it according to what they had
arranged  the judges of the court, that is to
say, it is a real shame that he
can say that he is considering
reopening when, if you want, we can take out the
signed document where it was said that the
provisional dismissal order
was actually an order of
free dismissal because it was impossible to open
the case and that was said by the
procedural representation of Rocío
Carrasco and speaks three years later he can
come and say you have to be
studying the reopening, they are laughing at
all of us but the worst thing
is that he is laughing at the minister of
equality, the president
of the government is laughing, he is laughing at Julia
Otero if he is laughing at the entire
board of directors with its
president at the helm, he has laughed at and the
only thing left for us to know is how much he
has charged to laugh at everyone and
that. Furthermore, I promise to investigate it
because, thank God,
Spanish television is its State mind and it is
subject to the transparency law and I,
like many people, could do and it should
be generalized to flood
Spanish television, we should ask how much
that program cost and how much did
Rocío Carrasco cost in that program that  We
've paid for everything, okay? I don't know what's
worse because you'll see, you know what's
going to happen, we're going to request it to see
how much that program cost, we're going to find out, our
blood is going to boil and
we're going to stay as we are because they're
not going to give us our money back, it's not going to
be another program to ask for forgiveness, they're not going to make another
program telling the truth because what they should do is a program telling the truth, what
they should do now on
Spanish television to make amends for this is a
program telling the truth, here we have
a few of the 11 keys to the devastating order
that El Mundo published where they file
Rocío Carrasco's abuse case, the
strongest points, okay, what
Rocío Carrasco denounces is an
organized and premeditated plan on the part of
Antonio David to go to
celebrity magazines and on television to cause her an
anxiety disorder and depression. I
mean, just with that, imagine what they
think. Well, no, what the
criminal doctrine says is that Rocío Carrasco
may have all the mental problems
that she says she has, which they don't deny,
but that could be caused by
Antonio.  David or not that Antonio David
for him to be charged with that for it to be
punishable it has to be that Antonio
David has the intention of doing that
harm to her, okay, he's crushing her, not a
mutual fight between the two of them throwing
[ __ ] at each other and both of them staining each other's name,
this is another very strong and very
powerful part, another of the facts that
she called abuse and for which she
sought a conviction for Antonio David,
that he should file lawsuits against her to
modify the measures. What does that mean?
They reached an agreement one
day, not in which Antonio David. Well,
despite having
shared custody and such, they agree on a few
days and Antonio has to pay the 500
euros a month for Manu, Antonio came and
agrees. I think that apart from not
wanting to pay the 500 euros per month, he
also didn't agree with some
dates, issues, it doesn't seem to me that he
also wanted the girl to stay
with him because the girl wanted to
stay with him, anyway, a series of
issues, no, and Antonio does it through
legal means, he requests the modification of
these measures through lawsuits,
lawsuits that Antonio David loses. Well,
Rosito says  I mean you have to have a
square face Rosito says that all these
lawsuits that he files against her are
mistreating her because he is overwhelming her with
the lawsuits in no way can they be
considered acts of abuse that the
accused has been filing
lawsuits in relation to the custody of
the minor children they have in common there have
been numerous times that both
parties and not just the accused have
gone to court with lawsuits in
relation to the children they have in
common you have to have the nerve to say that they
were harassing her judicially
that he was mistreating her with these
lawsuits imagine that when
the youtubers file lawsuits against me Well I
say please they are mistreating me Don't
file these lawsuits against me they smell a lot like
seeing how thick-skinned you are girl that you
filed 18 you sue him and when you
feel like it you go to the press girl so
everyone knows when you feel like it which is
little and that you go to the press to warn
when you have trials girl but not
when you lose them you have to have courage like a
diamond you have to have courage like a diamond
imagine that she intended  win with
this every time we see a
media case of gender violence or
abuse the first thing I ask is
what is she calling abuse before I
start to see the evidence and examine
to believe me On one side or the other the
first thing I put on the table is
What are we calling abuse What is
she reporting no but for
example in faena Betancourt we have that
she said that he hit her but
then she presented some audios that
were clear abuse but here in Rocío it has
not been clear to me throughout
the documentary What is she calling
abuse because what she calls
abuse is him speaking badly of her
on television and in places that are in
response to her or rather and she
basically enters into the game that she had
an altercation with the daughter She wants to
blame the father for it like manipulating the
daughter with a controller like the Play and the
father beats her but
manipulating the island using the
daughter's body with a Play controller okay
what the daughter said because she does not
get along with the daughter without more She
gets along badly with her daughter the daughter has a
somewhat rough adolescence and the daughter gets
along better with her father the daughter dies
with her father and gets along badly with her mother she
doesn't like her mother she doesn't like her
mother's boyfriend and she doesn't like being at their
house it's not her fault giving it to David he
doesn't do it Antonio David they don't incite him
yet for that to happen this she
tells it because it's the excuse that she
wants to give to people so that they don't want to
know anything about her children both the Bible
sued her for the issue for fighting
for the children I mean it's pathetic what
she wants to sell for abuse it's
pathetic imagine that in her
imagination in her illusion she believed that
Antonio David Flores was going to have been condemned
because he has mistreated Rocío
Carrasco filing many lawsuits against her and
that he sues her a lot it's pathetic Of course he ca
n't reopen it well and all
these things that he has been telling on
TV about how he beat her up on the
stairs I don't know where I don't know which one she does
n't report that anymore here nothing is said about
the issue of the disorder that does not have to
be because of Antonio David that Rocío
Carrasco has a lot of
family problems the loss of her mother does not
go along with the children does not get along with the
cousins ​​​​does not get along with the brothers that
she is blaming her and wants
Antonio David to condemn for his
psychological problems but that she already has
problems everywhere in the whole
world and what the court of
gender violence says that okay what
Antonio David says on TV and in the
magazine may be morally or
ethically because it is very ugly or whatever you
want but that it is not a criminal offense
that he can try civilly a
lawsuit for the right to honor a lawsuit
for violation of privacy fact
Rocío Carrasco has put 17 and no No
either or it is not appropriate and now
then there is the issue of the delay in
reporting that this is already a joke no I
mean you are telling me Rosito and you
are trying to sell me that you have
suffered an abusive relationship that
you the friend who was nobody I mean he
was not famous or had any kind
of contact power or anything like that
no but you are trying to
sell me Rocío  Carrasco that your friend
mistreated you that you had an
abusive relationship that he beat you up I don't know
what I don't know when but that you didn't
report it at the time So you
being the daughter of Rocío Jurado And that in addition
he noticed that he had your mother sued you
At one point you decided to report
him man are you going to allow me to doubt it, that I
doubt it no I don't believe it I mean
if you take it and you know that the father of
your children is mistreated there are many
times that people don't report it because not
for the children because they don't want to put the
father in jail I don't know what And it's already
happened He hasn't done it again it's already in the
past okay but at the moment that that
man is suing your mother the most
logical thing that crosses your mind
eh that you report it And if that
man has sued your mother the most
logical thing is that all those clowns that you have
taken on TV now to say that they
saw how he beat you you
would have presented your mother as a witness
if Antonio David knew at that moment
that there were people who  has witnessed beatings the
cook the other one the one on the motorcycle does not
sue your mother Why is he going to
sue so that your mother takes her and brings
one of them as a witness is that that does not
exist I do not believe that I
pay attention to this this is important no I believe that what you are going to hear now is one of the keys why I believe when Rocío Carrasco comes up with the idea that the main objective of going on about the issue of abuse is because with this she silences him and nullifies him
on television She is interested in
telling her lies and telling her bias
without him being able to answer why
Because if he answers she tells you things like
this Look I invite you Rocío Carrasco to
show all those people who
believe you all those women that
you have deceived to show the
document of your admission to the hospital
without cheating where you say in the
Spanish television program that leaving
the Earthly world to go to the other exists of
your of your attempt I invite you to take out
that complete document without cutting that
complete document without a  damn strikethrough, he does
n't do it, you know why Because
your Chiringuito and your friends' chiringuito will fall apart
because all that fuchsia tide the
moment you show it he will stop believing, it
catches my attention because Antonio
David recently said in a live broadcast that
in that report what she says is that she is
admitted to the hospital for dizziness, saying
that she has become dizzy, okay, then
Marina is also nala, here she has told us
many times that it seems to be
said that the hospital Where Rocío
Carrasco goes, that she is accompanied by her
mother-in-law, not because of Fidel, that Fidel is
on the phone all the time, no, and that
Fidel's mother worked in that hospital, it is said that
Marina said it, I think I don't remember
if it was Marina or Jesús Manuel, I think it
was Marina. Don't look, the thing is not That
the report for some reason reaches
vanitatis, coincidentally, the same media that
while Rocío Flores begins her
television adventure in survivors
publishes in great detail and in
episodes and with papers the sentence of
Rocío Flores when she was a minor Well, the
same media, vanity, has the report That does
cross things out  but hey, it already catches my
attention that vanitatis is the one
who has the report, [ __ ] who
gave it to him, the report must have been given to
someone at the Sanchinarro hospital. No
man, no because Rosita would report it,
we're not going to take a look at the report. It
turns out that this is the report and
as Antonio David said, this
is also on August 5th, a month before it
starts. Well, what happens is that someone
from Telecinco already tells Rocío
Carrasco that Antonio David is going to
participate in Big Brother. I saw that his
daughter goes to defend him. No. And she already has
the seven evils and says what do I do,
what do I do? What do I do? I'm going to the consultation and
the reason for the consultation according to this report
is dizziness, reason for consultation is dizziness. I
'm not a specialist. But if you catch
a person who is trying to
take their own life, it says dizziness. I mean, if a
person has swallowed that whole batch of
pills. I don't know, I don't know, but it
is true that it says dizziness. Okay, now
then the whole body censors it. Why,
if there is no private data here. I mean,
I just went to the doctor  Obviously I ca
n't show you the report but I just
went to the doctor because I have a sore
throat no I can't show you
the report obviously because I
censored it no but I would love to
see what it says in this piece of
patient information report here the logical thing to
put is what she said or what they
saw or something like that I
mean what she's covering up is nothing private
in fact what she's covering up is what we
want to see is the test of course this
issue she's playing with that the other party can't
publish it you know what I mean there's
no private data here for
her to censor But ok let's go down
because now comes something curious okay
female patient, 42 years old who comes in for
overdose of such and such she took 78 such and such
this morning at 8 she says that she is very
overwhelmed with third
person problems okay So she's the one who says
that she took all of this I don't know if
there's a doctor in the room in many
places she has said that this is an
outrage that she took 78 lorazepam
man you guys there how tough the day is
know man with  one you stay that you've
taken eight and you're there 3 of this And
transillium this is an outrage okay
But well This is what she says she's
taken okay but now it says
physical examination and now it says
soft abdomen not painful no more anime
galia Murphy negative I don't know what negative I do
n't know how much negative or rather everything is
negative okay There's no sign of irritation
Okay and there's a word this word
I've been looking for okay this over here
Murphy megalia everything looking to see
what and there's one that's going to attract
attention oh it attracts attention it doesn't
mean anything
ppr B negative and you'll say what the [ __ ]
is it and I say well I don't know either that's why I
looked it up on Google because I have no
[ __ ] idea but here it says in
the part okay look PP rb negative this
Murphy thing is not a movie or an actor
okay this Murphy thing contacts and such that they
do to see if it hurts it doesn't
hurt at all it doesn't hurt here it doesn't hurt
here ppr B negative Well according to what it says here
that means that they did a
test on her abdomen and ppr negative
it would mean according to this page  a
test result that indicates that a person does
not have the substance or condition for which
the test is being done or that the substance
in the test is present in
normal concentrations. In other words, that
girl is subjected to all kinds of tests but they do
n't find anything. I think this
part should have been
censored too. I think this part
should have been blacked out here too.
Man, this is crazy to look at
what lorazepam 8 78 mirtazapine is. I
don't know what it is, but transcilium is
outrageous, man, I mean, it's a bomb.
Lorazepam with transillium is a bomb. And
now it says complementary examination,
everything is normal, everything is normal, urine is
normal, there are no alterations in
sinus rhythm and then there is another page that
tells you that she goes to the psychiatrist because she feels
overwhelmed by what she indicates as
harassment by her ex-husband in
the media, the hatred that
her children feel towards her and I don't see
a way out towards her city, she
tells her all this, eh. No, it's in the
report. But because she is telling you, it's
not that they are writing it down for you
because the doctor takes out this
conclusion because he's already playing with that, I mean, he's already
playing Although this part says
the truth, okay, look, here he told you that
the Segovia bridge is left To
try again that the husband, the
thing that this is what
she's saying Then the doctor says Okay, so
this has been from what the patient tells me,
more than not an suicidal attempt, you
understand and now he says treatment in
view of the psychopathological state of the
patient, she is referred for
containment admission and adjustment of the treatment that
the patient accepts and takes it and leaves, that is,
voluntary containment admission but
then she takes it and was discharged due to
escape, not the most logical thing is that they send her to have her
stomach pumped and finally, and I'm
leaving, I wanted to send you to watch
this video by Javi from Hablando Claro
because he discovers a cut in the live broadcast
on Spanish television, okay Listen to
this, the program was live and it was
very noticeable How they cut a
part, look at the little symbol of the 1 on
Spanish television, pay attention In this video, there
are more and more men who do
pedagogy with other men, the silence,
have you noticed the cut, right,
what would have been said there  This is a cut
that Spanish television made yesterday
live. I was watching it live, I
left it recording and then reviewing it I
say. Well, and this cut nobody has
noticed, anyway, regrettable.
Rocío Carrasco's own legal team is
clear that it is not that
the case cannot be reopened, yes, it can because as you
can see, it is a provisional dismissal,
which means that the case could be reopened,
but with the arguments and the
forcefulness of the order stipulated by the
provincial court of Madrid, she
practically knows that she has no room
for maneuver and what
Antonio Davidez's lawyer says, on the one hand, she knows
and her lawyers know that it is
practically impossible to reopen the case,
but the message that is being given
publicly and in the media is that
she is very close to reopening the case
or that with her media actions she will
manage to reopen the case, something that is not
true, and as our lawyer Nuria Astorgas told us here at the
time,
in terms of jurisprudence, the docuseries
is as if the judges had seen
Pasapalabra, said in a different way than the
docuseries.  The series is in no way
evidence to reopen any
family case. A huge kiss
[Music]